PREVIOUSLY ON "THE 100"...
RAVEN: MEET ELIGIUS IV.
BELLAMY: "NO INMATES
PAST THIS POINT."
MURPHY: THE PRISONERS
ARE STILL HERE.
ECHO: THIS IS AN ARMY.
CAN YOU RIG IT SO WE
CAN KILL THEM REMOTELY?
-LEVERAGE.
BELLAMY: PUT DOWN YOUR WEAPONS,
OR WE PULL THE PLUG.
RAVEN: PULLING THE PLUG FROM
THE GROUND IS NOT AN OPTION.
SOMEONE HAS TO STAY.
I'M STAYING, TOO.
HARRIS: COLONEL,
WE HAVE 5 MORE HOSTILES.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU WOULD
HAPPEN IF YOU LIED TO ME?
UGH! AAGH...
BELLAMY? CLARKE
KNEW YOU WOULD COME.
OCTAVIA: YOU ARE WONKRU,
OR YOU ARE THE ENEMY OF WONKRU.
CHOOSE.
EACH OF YOU HAS COMMITTED CRIMES
AGAINST WONKRU.
WIN THE FIGHT,
SAVE YOUR LIFE.
BRING IN
THE NEXT COMBATANTS.
EACH OF THESE 4 COMBATANTS HAVE
COMMITTED CRIMES AGAINST WONKRU.
THEY ARE OUR ENEMIES--
TRAITORS TO OUR PEOPLE,
TRAITORS TO OUR CODE
OF STRENGTH, UNITY, AND HONOR--
BUT TODAY ONE OF YOU
WILL BE GIVEN A CHANCE
TO ONCE AGAIN BE CALLED
BROTHER OR SISTER.
HOWEVER, FIRST,
YOU MUST SURVIVE.
THE ONLY RULE IN THIS ARENA IS,
BE THE LAST.
AS ALWAYS, AS WE INVITE DEATH
INTO THIS HALL, WE HONOR IT.
GAIA: OMON GON OSON.
CROWD: OMON GON OSON.
BE THE LAST.
AAA--
WHERE THE HELL
IS ABBY?
ABBY: PLEASE!
HE DOESN'T DESERVE TO DIE!
TELL OCTAVIA.
TELL OCTAVIA IT WAS ME!
IT WAS ME.
-GAAH!
-YEAH!
AH! AH!
MAN: FINISH HIM!
FINISH THE JOB!
WOMAN: FINISH HIM!
YEAH!
YAAH!
HE'S LOSING THEM.
MARCUS KANE,
IN STEALING LIFE-GIVING MEDICINE
FROM WONKRU,
YOU HAVE COMMITTED A CRIME
AGAINST OUR PEOPLE,
BUT YOU ARE THE LAST.
HAS HE EARNED HIS FREEDOM,
BLODREINA?
NO.
HE FIGHTS AGAIN
TOMORROW.
SHAW, ON RADIO:
COLONEL, IT'S ME.
HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH.
SOMEHOW THEY BLOCKED
THE REMOTE ACCESS
TO THE CRYO-ROOM
AND THE PODS.
WE CAN'T WAKE ANYONE UP.
DO I HAVE YOUR
ATTENTION NOW?
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU GOT ON MY SHIP,
BUT IF ANYTHING HAPPENS
TO ANY OF MY PEOPLE--
NOTHING WILL
HAPPEN TO THEM
AS LONG AS WE
CAN MAKE A DEAL.
MCCREARY: I SAY
WE KILL HIM NOW.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WE NEED YOUR HELP
OPENING A BUNKER.
YOU'RE MINERS,
SO THAT SHOULDN'T
BE A PROBLEM FOR YOU.
IF YOU DO THAT,
I'LL LET YOUR PEOPLE GO.
AND THEN WHAT,
HAPPILY EVER AFTER?
THEN WE'LL SPLIT THIS
VALLEY DOWN THE MIDDLE.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU'RE
HAPPY IS ON YOU,
BUT I'D LIKE TO THINK THAT
WE CAN FIND A WAY TO COEXIST.
DIYOZA: THREATENING
TO KILL 283 OF MY PEOPLE
IS ONE HELL OF A WAY
TO START A FRIENDSHIP.
DO WE HAVE A DEAL,
OR NOT?
OH...
OH, YOU'RE
REALLY HERE.
-SHE'S SAFE.
SHE'S IN THE WOODS
WITH THE OTHERS.
DIYOZA WON'T LOOK FOR THEM
AS LONG AS WE'RE IN CONTROL.
YOU'RE ALL
STILL ALIVE--
MURPHY,
MONTY, RAVEN?
ECHO AND EMORI.
YEAH.
CLARKE, YOU
SAVED US ALL.
AND NOW YOU'RE HOME.
WAIT. WHY'D SHE
RELEASE ME?
WE MADE A DEAL.
SHE AGREED TO OPEN
THE BUNKER.
HUH.
MURPHY: THEY'RE ALL
STILL ASLEEP.
I TOLD YOU, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO GO ALL THE WAY DOWN THERE.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
THE SLEEPING
PRISONERS ARE GREEN.
AS MONTY WOULD SAY,
GREEN IS GOOD.
THE EMPTY PODS WHERE
THE CREW SLEPT ARE RED.
-RED IS--
-DEAD.
YES. THAT INCLUDES
OUR FRIEND KODIAK.
ANYWAYS,
IT'S HANDLED.
THE ONLY ONE WAKING
THEM UP NOW IS ME.
IF IT'S HANDLED,
WHY DO YOU STILL HAVE
THAT RAVEN
WORK FACE ON?
BECAUSE WHILE YOU WERE
WANDERING AIMLESSLY,
I WAS TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT
WHO WE'RE DEALING
WITH DOWN THERE.
SHE LOOK FAMILIAR?
IT'S THE WOMAN FROM
THE CAPTAIN'S LOG.
COLONEL
CHARMAINE DIYOZA.
SHE WAS SOMETHING THEY
CALLED A NAVY SEAL,
WAS DECORATED FOR
VALOR 3 TIMES.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW DOES A WAR HERO
END UP LEADING
A MUTINY ON BOARD
A PRISON SHIP?
GOOD QUESTION.
SHE BECAME
A TERRORIST--
BOMBING CAMPAIGNS,
ASSASSINATIONS.
AT THE TIME
OF HER ARREST,
SHE WAS THE MOST WANTED
CRIMINAL IN THE WORLD.
OH, AND WE'RE THREATENING
TO KILL HER PEOPLE.
WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
BELLAMY, ON RADIO:
RAVEN, CAN YOU HEAR ME? COME IN.
TELL ME
EVERYONE'S OK.
BELLAMY:
WE REACHED A DEAL
WITH THE PEOPLE FROM THAT SHIP,
AND, BY THE WAY,
THE LASER-COM'S AN OPEN LINE,
SO THEY CAN HEAR
EVERY WORD WE SAY.
NICE
TO MEET YOU.
WE'RE NOT BAD
PEOPLE. WE--
BELLAMY: RAVEN, KEEP HIM
AWAY FROM THE RADIO.
COPY THAT.
ANYWAY, THEY KNOW THE RULES,
BUT JUST TO BE SAFE,
COLONEL DIYOZA,
HERE THEY ARE AGAIN.
IF ANYONE TRIES TO GET
AROUND YOUR SECURITY,
YOU PULL THE PLUG.
IF ANYONE DOES ANYTHING
THAT WASN'T AGREED UPON,
YOU PULL THE PLUG,
AND IF YOU DON'T HEAR FROM ME
EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR,
YOU PULL THE PLUG.
IS THAT ALL?
NO. THAT'S NOT ALL.
SOMEONE WANTS TO SAY HELLO.
RAVEN, MURPHY,
IT'S REALLY GOOD
TO HEAR YOUR VOICES.
CLARKE? I DON'T
BELIEVE IT.
JEEZ, AND THEY
CALL ME THE COCKROACH.
HA!
HEY, YOU GUYS JUST BE
CAREFUL UP THERE, OK?
WE'LL TALK MORE ONCE
THIS IS ALL OVER.
I WANT TO HEAR
EVERYTHING.
OK, BUT FIRST,
THANK YOU FOR
SAVING OUR LIVES.
I MISS YOU BOTH.
WE GOT TO GO.
RAVEN, STAY SAFE.
WE'LL TALK SOON.
YEAH, EVERY HOUR
ON THE HOUR.
TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE DOING
BECAUSE IT SURE AS HELL
FEELS LIKE WE'RE
NEGOTIATING WITH TERRORISTS.
SHOE'S ON
THE OTHER FOOT?
I WANT TO BE AIRBORNE
IN 90 SECONDS.
T-MINUS 90 SECONDS
AND COUNTING.
I HATE
TO ADMIT IT,
BUT THE GIRL SCOUT
IS NOT WRONG.
YOU, OF ALL PEOPLE,
SHOULD KNOW BETTER.
I SAY WE TAKE THEM OUT
AND FLY BACK TO ELIGIUS
AND GATHER OUR PEOPLE.
HOW LONG WOULD IT
TAKE THIS RAVEN
TO KILL EVERYONE
IN CRYO?
ASSUMING SHE'S
REMOVED THE FAILSAFES,
3 MINUTES.
EVERYONE STRAP IN.
DO YOU TRUST ME,
OR NOT?
I DON'T TRUST
ANYONE.
THERE'S A DOCTOR
IN THAT BUNKER--
CLARKE'S MOTHER,
IT TURNS OUT.
WE GRAB THE DOCTOR,
KILL THE HOSTAGE TAKER
AND HIS GIRLFRIEND.
WE GO HOME
AND FIND A CURE.
WILL YOU
TRUST ME NOW?
READY FOR LIFTOFF.
SHAW: 3, 2, 1.
]
YOU COULD HAVE WALKED AWAY
WITH YOUR FREEDOM YESTERDAY.
YOU HAD THE CROWD
ON YOUR SIDE,
BUT YOU LOST THEM WHEN
YOU SHOWED WEAKNESS.
I KNOW YOU DIDN'T STEAL
THE MEDICINE, KANE.
ADMIT IT.
TELL ME WHO TOOK IT,
AND I'LL LET YOU GO.
ONLY THE GUILTY SHOULD
FIGHT IN THE ARENA.
WE'RE ALL GUILTY.
I'M NOT HERE FOR A
PHILOSOPHY LESSON, KANE.
I'M HERE TO GIVE YOU
A SECOND CHANCE.
AND I'M OFFERING YOU
THE SAME.
YOU KEPT US
TOGETHER, OCTAVIA.
IT'S TRUE.
WONKRU'S STRONG.
WE COULD HAVE TORN OURSELVES
APART DURING THE DARK YEAR.
ONE MORE WORD
ABOUT THE DARK YEAR,
AND I WILL PUT YOU
IN THE ARENA,
EVEN IF YOU
TELL THE TRUTH.
-YOU KNOW THE LAW.
-I WON'T FIGHT.
HMM.
THEN YOU DIE.
KANE:
YOU LOST YOUR WAY.
WE ALL HAVE.
I'VE BEEN QUIET
TOO LONG.
YOU THINK THE ARENA
DELIVERS JUSTICE?
I KNOW IT DOES.
YOUR MOTHER--YOUR
MOTHER WAS FLOATED
FOR HAVING A SECOND
CHILD, FOR HAVING YOU.
I WAS PARTY TO THAT
AND SO MUCH MORE.
WE HAVE A CHANCE TO DO
SOMETHING BETTER HERE.
WE'RE
THROWING IT AWAY.
OCTAVIA, PLEASE.
STRENGTH WITHOUT
MERCY IS NOTHING.
IT'S NOTHING,
BUT YOU CAN END IT.
YOU CAN SAVE US.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
TELL ME WHO STOLE
THE MEDICINE, KANE.
SO BE IT.
DON'T TRY TO TALK ME
OUT OF IT.
I WON'T.
HE WON YESTERDAY.
I MADE SURE TO MATCH HIM UP
WITH A WEAKER OPPONENT TODAY,
BUT HE'S REFUSING
TO FIGHT.
MAYBE YOU CAN TALK
SOME SENSE INTO HIM.
WAIT. IT WAS ME.
ABBY: I TOOK THE DRUGS.
I CAN'T FUNCTION
WITHOUT THEM, AND I--
PLEASE DON'T LET HIM DIE
BECAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT I DID.
YOU WERE RIGHT
TO HAVE ME LOCK HER UP.
HE KNEW YOU'D CONFESS
TO TRY TO SAVE HIM.
THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE YOU BOTH
IS FOR HIM TO WIN.
YOU HAVE
ONE MINUTE.
TALK TO HIM.
ABBY, WHAT
HAVE WE DONE?
WHAT WE HAD TO DO
TO SURVIVE.
HOW MANY TIMES CAN WE
TELL OURSELVES THAT?
-IT'S THE TRUTH.
-NO.
IT'S WHAT WE SAY TO
JUSTIFY THE HORROR
WE INFLICT
ON EACH OTHER.
I CAN'T DO IT
ANYMORE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO FIGHT.
YOU HAVE TO FIGHT.
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
I'LL GIVE UP THE PILLS.
I CAN'T LOSE YOU.
SHH SHH SHH...
I LOST MYSELF.
-IT'S TIME.
-NO, NOT YET.
YOU HAVE TO LET ME GO.
PROMISE ME
YOU WON'T CONFESS,
EVEN AFTER I'M GONE,
BECAUSE IF YOU DIE,
MY SACRIFICE
IS FOR NOTHING.
-PROMISE ME.
-I PROMISE. I PROMISE.
AND PROMISE ME YOU'LL
STOP TAKING THE PILLS.
I WILL. I PROMISE.
I LOVE YOU.
KANE...
OH...
YO, LOOK
WHAT I FOUND.
COME ON. WE CAN AT LEAST
HAVE A LITTLE FUN
BEFORE OUR
POSSIBLE GENOCIDE.
KIDDING, OBVIOUSLY.
WHAT PSYCHOPATH ARE WE
STUDYING UP ON TODAY?
NO ONE. THESE ARE THE FILES
FOR THE ELIGIUS MISSIONS.
CHECK IT OUT.
THE COMPANY FUNDED
3 OTHER LONG-HAUL
INTERSTELLAR MISSIONS.
WE'RE IN ELIGIUS IV.
ELIGIUS I WAS AN EXPLORER
SHIP, UNMANNED.
THEY FOUND HYTHYLODIUM
GOLD MINE ON THIS ASTEROID
NAMED PROXIMA SIX.
ELIGIUS II WAS THE FIRST
MISSION TO MINE IT,
BUT IT FAILED BECAUSE IT
DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH MANPOWER,
WHICH IS WHY THEY SWITCHED TO
PRISON LABOR FOR ELIGIUS IV.
SO WHAT HAPPENED
TO III?
EXACTLY.
THAT'S THE WEIRD PART.
I CAN ACCESS THE DATABASE
FOR I, II, AND IV,
BUT III HAS AN AES
256-BIT ENCRYPTION ALGORITHM.
-ENGLISH.
-EVEN I CAN'T GET IN.
GOT IT.
I'VE BEEN WORKING
ON IT FOR HOURS.
WHOA, WHAT'S
HAPPENING?
THEY'RE TRYING TO
HACK IN FROM THE GROUND.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
STOPPING THEM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT I THINK IS, WE NEED
TO PULL THE DAMN PLUG.
NO. I CAN DO THIS.
RAVEN, IF YOU CAN'T
AND THEY GET IN...
OK. JUST SHUT UP, MURPHY.
I'M ALMOST THERE.
OH...GO.
WE'RE GOOD.
NO. NO, WE'RE NOT.
WE NEED TO TELL BELLAMY.
MURPHY, NO.
PLEASE DON'T.
NO. YOU KNEW
THE RULES, OK?
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT
WE SIGNED UP FOR.
WHAT IF THEY GET
THROUGH NEXT TIME?
THEY WON'T.
I GOT THIS.
DO YOU? LOOK, RAVEN.
I CAN UNDERSTAND
NOT WANTING TO KILL
300 PEOPLE
IN THEIR SLEEP,
BUT IF WE CAN'T
GO THROUGH WITH THIS--
I SAID, I CAN
DO THIS, OK,
SO WHY DON'T YOU JUST
GO PLAY WITH YOUR BALL
AND I'LL DO THE REST
LIKE ALWAYS?
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN.
GAIA: AS WE INVITE DEATH
INTO THIS HALL, WE HONOR IT.
GAIA: OMON GON OSON.
CROWD: OMON GON OSON.
GAIA: AND, AS ALWAYS,
BE THE LAST.
WHAT IS THIS?
CHOOSE YOUR WEAPON.
FIGHT ME, DAMN YOU,
OR NEITHER OF US WILL
GET OUT OF HERE ALIVE.
UGH!
I WILL NOT FIGHT YOU.
I WILL NOT
KILL THIS MAN.
KANE: SOMEHOW WE ALLOWED JUSTICE
TO BECOME VENGEANCE
AND VENGEANCE
TO BECOME SPORT,
AND I ALLOWED THAT,
THAT DARKNESS TO RISE...
BUT MY COMPLICITY
ENDS TODAY.
YOU ARE WONKRU, OR YOU
ARE THE ENEMY OF WONKRU.
CHOOSE.
I ALREADY HAVE.
UH!
GET UP.
COME ON, KANE.
WHERE IS YOUR
SURVIVAL INSTINCT?
SAVING MY PEOPLE
IS ABOUT MORE
THAN KEEPING
THEM ALIVE.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
FOR YOU, IT IS.
INDRA: CLEAR THE ARENA!
GET THE PRISONERS
TO THEIR CELLS.
OCTAVIA,
IT'S NOT SAFE HERE.
NO. NO!
OH...
I KNEW YOU'D COME.
WHO ARE THEY?
WE'RE HERE
TO RESCUE YOU.
-O., O., IT'S OK.
WE HAVE
AN UNDERSTANDING.
CLARKE: BEFORE WE GET TO THAT,
WHERE'S MY MOM?
I'LL TAKE HER
TO HER MOTHER.
DIYOZA: SO I TAKE IT
YOU'RE HIS SISTER.
BELLAMY: YES. SORRY.
OCTAVIA, THIS IS
COLONEL DIYOZA.
-USED TO BE.
LOVE THE WAR PAINT,
BY THE WAY.
OK, SO HOW
DO WE DO THIS?
TWO AT A TIME.
WHY DON'T YOU PEOPLE
GET YOUR THINGS,
AND WE'LL GET STARTED
AS SOON AS WE'RE READY TOPSIDE?
EXACTLY HOW MANY PEOPLE
SHOULD WE BE PREPPING
FOR EXTRACTION?
-1,200.
-814.
COPY THAT.
THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE
WE'RE SAVING TODAY IS 814.
YOU GOT THAT, SHAW?
HOW'S IT COMING UP THERE?
I'M STILL LOCKED OUT.
WHOEVER THIS GIRL IS,
SHE'S GOOD.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW
WHEN I GET BACK IN.
REAL CUTE.
MURPHY?
YOU THOUGHT THIS WAS
A GOOD PLACE TO TAKE A NAP?
YEAH. WHY NOT?
THESE GUYS HAVE BEEN
DOING IT FOR 100 YEARS.
WHAT, YOU THOUGHT ONE
OF THEM WAS WAKING UP?
YOU SAID THAT
WAS IMPOSSIBLE.
IT'S NOT.
WHAT, EXACTLY, ARE YOU
DOING HERE, RAVEN,
COMING TO HANG OUT
WITH ALL THE PEOPLE
YOU MIGHT
HAVE TO KILL?
WAIT.
RAVEN, WAIT.
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT,
ALL RIGHT?
I KNOW HOW HARD
THIS IS.
LOOK. I'M SORRY IF I
WAS A BITCH BEFORE.
I JUST--
I'M JUST AFRAID
I WON'T BE ABLE
TO PULL THE PLUG.
I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY
I'M GONNA DO IT.
-MURPHY--
-JUST WAIT.
EVERYBODY WAS SO SURPRISED
WHEN I STAYED BEHIND,
I MEAN, MOST OF ALL ME.
THOUGHT MAYBE I WAS
DOING IT TO IMPRESS EMORI,
BUT THE MORE
I THINK ABOUT IT...
I MEAN, WHY DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE
TO BE THE ONE TO SACRIFICE?
ANYWAY, IF IT
COMES DOWN TO IT,
I GOT THIS.
-HE'S ALIVE...FOR NOW.
HI, MOM.
CLARKE?
HOW
WHEN? WHEN DID--
WE SHOULD MOVE, NOW.
EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE OK,
BUT FIRST, WE HAVE
TO GET YOU OUT OF HERE.
COME ON.
WHAT HAPPENS
TO MARCUS?
I'LL GET HIM
TO THE GROUND.
AFTER THAT,
IT'S UP TO YOU.
KOM FALAU OSO
NA GYON OP.
CROWD: KOM FALAU
OSO NA GYON OP.
KOM FALAU OSO
NA GYON OP.
UH UH!
COME ON.
UH!
THANK YOU.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
THE DEAL
WAS NO WEAPONS.
NOT MY DEAL.
I NEED TO TALK
TO YOU IN PRIVATE.
GIVE ME A SECOND,
THEN FOLLOW ME.
OK. BRING HIM UP.
BLODREINA,
THE RED QUEEN.
TELL ME ABOUT
THE FIGHTING PIT.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
BECAUSE IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE SOMEONE
READ OVID A FEW
TOO MANY--
6 YEARS
IS A LONG TIME.
THINGS HAVE CHANGED.
I'VE CHANGED.
WE HAVE A LOT
TO TALK ABOUT, O.
WE DO,
JUST NOT RIGHT NOW.
I DON'T TRUST
THESE PEOPLE, BELL.
WHO ARE THEY?
WHERE'D THEY COME FROM?
WHY ARE THEY
HELPING US?
I DON'T TRUST THEM,
EITHER, OK,
BUT I NEED YOU
TO TRUST ME.
WE HAVE LEVERAGE.
WHAT KIND
OF LEVERAGE?
ALL RIGHT.
BRING HIM IN.
CLEAR.
HI. HEY...
WAIT FOR NIGHT.
IF YOU GET CAUGHT,
I WON'T BE ABLE TO HELP YOU.
THERE'S OUR DOCTOR.
DIYOZA: SHAW, WHAT THE HELL
IS TAKING SO LONG?
I TOLD YOU, THIS GIRL
IS SOME KIND OF GENIUS.
EVERYTHING I THOUGHT OF,
SHE THOUGHT OF FIRST.
SHE EVEN HAD TIME
TO FLIP ME THE BIRD.
DOES THAT MEAN
SHE KNOWS YOU'VE
BEEN TRYING
TO GET BACK IN?
-MAYBE, BUT--
-I TOLD YOU TO BE CAREFUL.
THOSE ARE OUR MEN
UP THERE, SHAW.
RELAX.
THEY'RE OK. SEE?
SNUG AS CRIMINALLY
INSANE BUGS
IN HERMETICALLY
SEALED RUGS.
HERMETICALLY SEALED.
WHAT?
WE STILL GOT ACCESS
TO THE DOCKING BAY DOORS?
UH...
YEAH.
OPEN THEM ALL.
-THAT'D KILL THEM.
-NOT OUR PEOPLE.
WE FOUND OUR DOCTOR.
IT'S TIME TO END THIS.
OPENING
DOCKING BAY DOORS.
JOHN MURPHY TAKES THE PASS--
FROM HIMSELF, MIND YOU--
DRIBBLING
DOWN THE PITCH.
MEANWHILE, GO-SCI'S
MONSTROUSLY HIDEOUS,
ONE-LEGGED GOALIE
ATTEMPTS TO DEFEND.
CAN SHE? NO. SHE CAN'T.
HE'S GOT TOO MUCH SPEED.
CAN HE DO IT?
GOAL! YES!
YES! OH, IT'S SO SWEET.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
VOICE: EAST DOCKING BAY
DOOR OPENING.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO KILL US
BY VENTING
THE OXYGEN.
-THAT'S NOT GOOD.
-IT'S TIME TO PULL THE PLUG.
-NOT LONG.
WAIT. LONG ENOUGH
TO PUT US INTO CRYO?
GOOD IDEA.
TELL ME HOW.
YOU'RE YOU, ALL RIGHT?
FIGURE IT OUT.
MURPHY, IT'S TIME.
PULL THE LEVER.
FINE. I'LL DO IT MYSELF.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT?
I'M NOT READY TO DIE.
ARE YOU?
-IT'S DONE.
-GOOD JOB.
GET HER
READY TO FLY.
WAIT.
WHAT IS IT, SHAW?
TALK TO ME.
THEY'RE WAKING UP.
THEY OPENED
THE PODS.
COLONEL, IF WE DON'T
CLOSE THE OUTER BAY DOORS
RIGHT NOW, YOUR PEOPLE
ARE GONNA DIE, TOO.
YOU MEAN OUR PEOPLE,
DON'T YOU, LIEUTENANT?
WHAT ARE
YOUR ORDERS?
CLOSE THE DOORS.
EITHER WAY, WE'RE
BACK IN CONTROL.
YOUR FRIEND MAY BE SMART,
BUT SHE'S A COWARD.
LIVE COWARD.
SURVIVAL
INSTINCT SUCKS.
THIS IS A MISTAKE,
BROTHER.
SHE'S STARTING
WITH HER FIGHTERS.
YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT.
THAT'S AN ARMY
RIGHT THERE.
MORE OF US ARE LOYAL
TO YOU THAN TO HER.
JUST SAY THE WORD.
NOT YET.
THE TIME WILL COME.
JUST DON'T DO
ANYTHING STUPID.
DIYOZA: LET'S GO.
WHERE'S MY DOCTOR?
OK. WE'RE SAFE HERE.
LET'S GET THOSE CUFFS OFF.
IF YOU'RE RIGHT
AND THAT VALLEY'S
THE ONLY SURVIVABLE PLACE,
WHERE WILL YOUR MOTHER AND I GO?
I'LL TALK TO OCTAVIA,
SEE IF I CAN REASON WITH HER.
YOU WON'T
BE ABLE TO.
REGARDLESS,
THAT'S TOMORROW'S PROBLEM.
TODAY WE HAVE TO KEEP YOU
OUT OF SIGHT
UNTIL EVERYONE
IS SAFELY--
WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT?
I KNOW WHAT THAT WAS.
STAY HERE.
DIYOZA: SORRY ABOUT
YOUR PRETTY FOUNTAIN,
BUT THAT WAS
ONLY HALF POWER.
I KNOW MOST OF YOU
ARE ARMED.
IF ANYONE MOVES
FOR A WEAPON,
YOU'LL SEE WHAT FULL POWER
DOES TO HUMAN FLESH.
-IT'S NOT PRETTY.
-HEY!
HEY, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
-ONE CALL FROM ME--
-MAKE YOUR CALL.
RAVEN, COME IN.
READ ME?
THE DEAL'S OFF, BUT
NOBODY HAS TO GET HURT.
MAN: SOMEONE'S COMING.
DIYOZA: HOLD YOUR FIRE.
WHERE'S YOUR MOTHER?
SHE'S OUR DOCTOR.
YOU CAN'T HAVE HER.
MCCREARY: SHE ASKED
YOU A QUESTION.
WHERE IS THE DOCTOR?
SZYBUNKA: THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT SO TOUGH NOW,
ARE YOU?
OCTAVIA: NO! HOLD.
ABBY: I'M RIGHT HERE.
ABBY: DON'T SHOOT.
WE'LL COME
WITHOUT A FIGHT.
I BET YOU WILL, TRAITOR.
-THE TWO OF US.
THOSE ARE MY TERMS.
I SEE WHERE YOUR
DAUGHTER GETS IT FROM.
TAKE THEM BOTH.
MOM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
-LET'S GO. MOVE.
-OK, THEN. HERE ARE MY TERMS.
THE VALLEY IS OURS.
ANY ATTEMPT TO GET THERE WILL BE
MET BY OVERWHELMING FORCE.
AS LONG AS YOU STAY HERE,
WE WON'T HAVE A PROBLEM.
IS THAT A PROBLEM?
WHAT ABOUT RAVEN
AND MURPHY?
FOR NOW, INSURANCE.
LET'S GO. ON ME.
DIYOZA: SZYBUNKA,
THAT'S AN ORDER.
YAAH!
DIYOZA:
SZYBUNKA, YOU IDIOT!
GET TO THE SHIP. MOVE! NOW!
PREP FOR EMERGENCY EVAC.
UH!
OCTAVIA,
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
I'VE GOT YOU.
VOICE: AUTO PILOT ENGAGED.
WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED?
WHAT HAPPENED IS,
WE'RE AT WAR.
GO MISSILES HOT--
ONE INTO THE CROWD,
ONE INTO THE BUNKER.
WAIT. WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
-GET THEM OUT OF HERE.
-NO. WAIT.
-DO IT NOW.
-HOLD ON.
-PLEASE!
-MY DAUGHTER IS DOWN THERE.
WHOA. SLOW DOWN.
THIS IS A MINING SHIP.
THOSE MISSILES
ARE DESIGNED
TO BREAK UP ASTEROIDS,
NOT CROWDS.
BECAUSE OF THIS IDIOT,
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
THEY WILL RETALIATE.
WE HAVE TO END THIS NOW.
COLONEL, JUST THINK.
BY MY COUNT, THERE ARE LESS
THAN 1,500 PEOPLE LEFT
IN THE HUMAN RACE.
-SHE GAVE YOU AN ORDER.
-I'M FLYING THIS SHIP.
SHOOT ME, WE ALL DIE.
I'M NOT GONNA ASK YOU
AGAIN, LIEUTENANT.
THIS IS A MISTAKE.
MCCREARY: WHAT'S
TAKING SO LONG?
-I DON'T KNOW. IT'S JAMMED.
-HAS TO BE.
LET'S GO GET HER.
COPY THAT.
EVERYBODY STRAP IN.
MAIN ROCKET BURN
IN 3, 2--
ONLY HAVE 283 MORE.
I TRUSTED YOU.
THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
MILLER: BLODREINA...
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
NOW WE GO TO WAR.